we all have those days when we wake up
late and don't have time to put on your
full face of makeup so what do you do
you can't go to work looking crazy and
tired so here's some quick and easy eye
makeup looks that will take 10 minutes
or less start out here's a really easy
to minute I look for those days when
you're in a time crunch here's a great
way to bring out your cream eyeshadows
choose a shimmery cream shadow one shade
darker than your natural lid color
usually the shears shimmery formula it's
an instant pick-me-up using your finger
apply the cream shadow all over your
entire lid into the crease blend so it
looks slightly sheer finish the look by
curling your lashes and adding
volumizing mascara boom the shadow
brightens your eye area and by curling
your lashes it opens up your I making
you appear awake for those of you need
eyeliner in your lives here's a quick
five minute I look applying eyeliner to
your top lid will make you appear more
awake and define your eye using
eyeshadow brush to apply a pale shadow
all over the lid blend shadow through
the crease and up to the brow bone using
a blending brush apply your favorite
eyeliner along the upper lash line and
draw a straight line across from the
outer corner to the inner corner last
apply a few cool to your favorite
mascara to your top and bottom lashes
and if you have a little bit more time
on your hands this 10 minute I love is
perfect you can master this classic
smokey eye and no time for this look
you'll need for shadow colors grab your
favorite eyeshadow quad that has a range
of shades from light to dark sweep the
lightest color from the lash line just
above the trees apply the light to
medium shade on the lower lid from the
lash line into the crease using a medium
shadow brush apply the medium to dark
shadow shades along the outer corner of
your eyelid and along the
apply a soft pencil liner along your top
and bottom lashes using a gel liner with
the liner brush layer it over the pencil
line take a smudge brush and apply your
darker shadow over the line and blend
into the crease finish the look with a
few coats of your favorite volumizing
mascara thanks for watching the zoo a
project and don't forget to check out my
other videos for some awesome beauty
tips